SSR is still not a perfect solution with Klein side libraries and frameworks like angular react to view.
Every time I've worked on a project where we had to implement server side rendering with these libraries
it has increased the complexity of the app and it just has never felt right.
It felt like trying to put a square block in a round hole.
Now this is just my experience and yours may differ and you can definitely do server side rendering
right.
It's just a hard thing to do.
But I want to show you two tools that I recommend and are extremely popular in the community for server
side rendering just like create re-act app where we had a lot of the top developers working on this
project to make our react.
Easy to set up a lot of the top people in the field use these tools to implement server side rendering
instead of reinventing the wheel yourself.
And just like create re-act up.
It avoids all the configuration so that you're actually able to focus on building your app instead of
just setting things up and working on the configuration.
So let's look at both of them.
The first one is Gatsby.
Yes and gaspy dodgy us is as you can see a blazing fast static site generator for react and Gatsby as
it says is fantastic if you want to do server side rendering and you want static sites.
You should be using Gatsby now.
A static site if you remember is just like these.
Re-act documentation here just mainly text based web sites that are really really good for things like
documentation and as a matter of fact re-act uses Gatsby here to have their documentation.
So if the official re-act documentations are using it you know that it's a great library.
The second one is called Next.
Yes and their version 5 right now but they're constantly updating it next.
Yes unlike the Gatsby J.S. project which is a static site generator next to yes is a full dynamic tool
to build rich applications.
You can build in next J.S. what you could do on the client side with re-act really dynamic applications
that go beyond just static text based websites.
The cool thing with next guess is that instead of you having to implement render to string and implementing
your own server side rendering with react it's very easy to use and they do all that for you and it's
probably the best implementation of server side that I've seen and a lot of people in the community
recommend it.
You see with them you don't have to worry about setting up wet pack react to router for your routing
react and react Dohm kind of like create react up.
It's everything is included right out the box including code splitting including performance optimization
and ACR optimization.
Obviously they have things like hot module loading as well and prefetching And just so many things.
It's a great gray library.
And again some really smart people are working on this project so any time you use server side rendering
I recommend you go with.
Next stage.
Yes and as a matter of fact in the next couple of videos I'm going to show you a quick demo of how to
build a next JS app so I'll see in the next one play.